{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This folder contains the raw input data and R scripts necessary to: (1) estimate the haplotype diversity (h) of pollen pools, outcrossing rates (tm), and biparental inbreeding (tm-ts); (2) estimate the proportion of high-mobility hummingbirds across focal forest patches; (3) run the confirmatory path analysis based on a piecewise SEM approach; and (4) recreate the main figures (graphs) of the paper. This folder contains the following files:\
\
1. Data_Moms_Locations.csv\
Spatial coordinates for all sampled maternal plants.\
\
2. Data_Moms.csv\
Summary data for all sampled maternal plants. For each sampled maternal plant, this file includes deforestation variables (amount of forest cover and forest patch size), data on the local pollinator community composition (proportion of high-mobility hummingbirds), and plant mating quality surrogates (haplotype diversity (h) of pollen pools, outcrossing rates (tm) and biparental inbreeding (tm-ts)).\
\
3. Data_Patches.csv\
Summary data for all sampled focal forest patches. For each focal forest patch, this file includes deforestation variables (amount of forest cover and forest patch size) and data on the local pollinator community composition (proportion of high-mobility hummingbirds).\
\
4. Genotypes.csv\
Genetic data (11 microsatellites) for all sampled maternal plants and selected seeds. The column \'93ID\'94 is composed by the ID of each focal forest patch (first two numbers), followed be the ID of each maternal plant (letter character) and sampling year. The column \'93OffID\'94 denotes whether a sample corresponds to a maternal plant (OffID = 0) or a seed (OffID \uc0\u8800  0).\
\
5. Graphs.Rmd\
R script necessary to recreate the main graphs (Figures 1 & 2) in the main text of the paper, plus Supplementary Figures 2 & 3.\
\
6. Haplotype_Diversity_Pollen_Moms.csv\
This file contains the estimated haplotype diversity (h) of pollen pools for each sampled maternal plant.\
\
7. Hummingbird_Data.csv\
Raw hummingbird capture data with mist nets. Summary data for each focal forest patch and number of unique hummingbird captures (identified to the species level).\
\
8. piecewiseSEM.Rmd\
R script necessary to run the confirmatory path analysis based on a piecewise SEM approach.\
\
9. Pollen_Pool.Rmd\
R script with function used to calculate the haplotype diversity (h) of pollen pools for each sampled maternal plant.\
\
10. Pollinator_Community.Rmd\
R script necessary to estimate the proportion of high-mobility hummingbirds per each focal forest patch (including small-sample size correction).\
\
11. Proportion_High_Mobility_Pollinators.csv\
Summary data for each focal forest patch. The total number of captures per species are shown for each forest patch, as well as the total number of high-mobility hummingbird captures and the total number of hummingbird captures. The proportion of high-mobility hummingbirds per forest patch (after small-sample size correction) is shown. Hummingbird species codes: CHRH (Amazilia decora), SNOB (Amazilia edward), RTAH (Amazilia tzacatl), VISA (Campylopterus hemileucurus), GCBR (Heliodoxa jacula), SBRH (Phaeochroa cuvierii), GREH (Phaethornis guy), LBIH (Phaethornis longirostris), and STHR (Phaethornis striigularis).}